About the job
Job Description

The Finance trainee apprentice will be responsible for supporting key analytical and reporting processes within the organization, with a focus on process management, automation, transformation and migration to Cloud. The role will involve structured training, collaboration and opportunity to experience the dynamic world of Amex Finance every day.

Responsibilities

Delivery on monthly processes - execute and maintain data models and processes.
Support validation and testing of new process and forecasting changes.
Provide tactical support for ongoing analytics – Exploratory Data Analysis, visualization etc.
Create and maintain comprehensive documentation/SOP for governance.
Ability to understand technical processes and write code.
Identify opportunities to optimize and enhance existing processes.
Adapt to emerging Gen-AI trends to develop clean well executed concepts and enhance efficiency.
Attend ad-hoc analytics requests without impacting quality or timeliness.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or equivalent, with/without maximum of 11 months of experience.
Working knowledge of programming. Knowledge in any of Python/PySpark, SQL, Big Query. Hive, Google Cloud will be a definite advantage.
Working knowledge of data visualization tools like Tableau and Power BI will be advantage.
Hands on with data mining, cleansing, extraction/transformation.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Basic understanding of Finance concepts will be an advantage.
Exhibits positive attitude, agility and willingness to learn and develop.

Compliance Language

Benefits

We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:

Cab facility
Free meals
Flexible working model with hybrid arrangement
Training and development opportunities

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

Offer of contractual employment as an Apprentice with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations.

Apprentices will be required to abide by Blue Box values and always maintain Code of Conduct.

About Us

At American Express, our culture is built on a 175-year history of innovation, shared values and Leadership Behaviors, and an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities, and colleagues. From delivering differentiated products to providing world-class customer service, we operate with a strong risk mindset, ensuring we continue to uphold our brand promise of trust, security, and service.

As part of Team Amex, you’ll experience our powerful backing with comprehensive support for your holistic well-being and many opportunities to learn new skills, develop as a leader, and grow your career. Here, your voice and ideas matter, your work makes an impact, and together, you will help us define the future of American Express.

Unlock hiring insights on American Express
30%

employee growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-07-01 00:00:00 to 2026-07-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 75214 to 97751.
End of interactive chart.
Applicant education level

78%

have a Bachelor's Degree

Applicant seniority level

67%

Entry level applicants

Retry Premium for ₹0
1-month free trial. Easy to cancel. We’ll remind you 7 days before your trial ends.

About the company

American Express

3,691,270 followers


Following
Financial Services

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

96,251 on LinkedIn

At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people a
